As a quick side know on iterating through maps you could also use the destructuring syntax were used
before.
Since by default this thing is going to use entries as the iterator it's going to return these two item
arrays right here.
So what I could do is as we know whenever we loop through rush to iterate through these things we know
that it's going to put these different values inside of this variable right here.
So essentially I'm assigning an array to this variable right here.
Now before whenever we mean array like we do like array and then we do like one to like so we know that
we can actually structure this so we can do.
First comma second like so.
And then just said equal to array and that'll do the structure.
That's essentially what we're doing here with the data map right here so we can actually structure the
map if we wanted to.
And same thing with the colors as well we could structure colors if we wanted to.
So the way that might look is we might do our square braces as before and then we'll just do he comma
value and then inside of here we'll do a template literal instead and we'll do a substitution where
we put the key in here and then a space and then another substitution and then we put the value and
you're going to see that's going to print out very nicely.
So it's very easy to work with key value pairs without having to directly access these arrays or these
maps right here.
So it's actually a very elegant way to combine two different really cool parts of a six.